HEAD-NECK
atlas	head-neck
location	Head/Neck
quantloc	head & neck

HEAD-NECK.HEAD
anatom_site_general	head
anatomic	preauricular
localization	l post auricular
localization	r postauricular
localization	r preauricular

HEAD-NECK.HEAD.SCALP
anatomic	scalp
anatomic	temple
localization	l parietal scalp
localization	l scalp
localization	l temple
localization	occipital scalp
localization	r parietal scalp
localization	r temple
localization	scalp
Location	scalp

HEAD-NECK.HEAD.FACE
anatomic	ala
anatomic	auricular
anatomic	cheek
anatomic	chin
anatomic	eye
anatomic	eyelid
anatomic	forehead
anatomic	glabella
anatomic	jaw
anatomic	jawline
anatomic	lip
anatomic	mandible
anatomic	nasal
anatomic	nasolabial
anatomic	nose
localization	cheek
localization	Face
localization	forehead
localization	l cheek
localization	l chin
localization	l forehead
localization	l mandible
localization	l nose
localization	left cheek
localization	left corner of mouth
localization	r cheek
localization	r eyebrow
localization	r forehead
localization	r mid anterior cheek
localization	r nose
localization	r parietal scalp
localization	right cheek
localization	tip of nose
localization	upper lip
Location	left cheek
Location	left forehead
Location	right nose

HEAD-NECK.HEAD.FACE.EARS
anatomic	ear
localization	l ear
localization	r posterior earlobe
Location	left antitragus

HEAD-NECK.NECK
anatomic	neck
localization	anterior neck
localization	base anterior neck
localization	l neck
localization	nuchal
localization	posterior neck
localization	r base neck
localization	r neck
localization	r nuchal

TRUNK
anatom_site_general	trunk
anatomic	trunk

TRUNK.BACK
anatom_site_general	posterior trunk
anatomic	back
anatomic	scapula
anatomic	shoulder
atlas	back
localization	Back
localization	back
localization	back, interscapular
localization	interscapular
localization	l back
localization	l interscapular
localization	l intrascapular
localization	l lateral back
localization	l lateral lumbar
localization	l low posterior thorax
localization	l lower back
localization	l lumbar
localization	l lumbar caudad
localization	l lumbar cephalad
localization	l posterior shoulder
localization	l posterior thorax
localization	l scapular
localization	l shoulder
localization	l suprascapular
localization	l upper back
localization	left shoulder
localization	left upper back
localization	lower back
localization	lumbar
localization	medial upper back
localization	mid back
localization	mid lumbar
localization	mid scapula
localization	posterior thorax
localization	r back
localization	r low posterior thorax
localization	r lower back
localization	r lower posterior thorax
localization	r lower thorax
localization	r lumbar
localization	r posterior lower thorax
localization	r posterior shoulder
localization	r posterior thorax
localization	r scapular
localization	r scapular caudad
localization	r scapular cephalad
localization	r shoulder
localization	r subscapular
localization	r suprascapular
localization	r thorax
localization	r upper back
localization	right shoulder
localization	scapula
localization	scapular
localization	shoulder
localization	upper back
location	Back
Location	left lower back
Location	left posterior shoulder
Location	left shoulder
Location	left upper back
Location	left upper back medial
Location	lt back
Location	midback
Location	Middle back
Location	middle back
Location	right ant shoulder
Location	right lateral back
Location	right shoulder/upper arm
Location	right upper back
Location	right upper back lateral
quantloc	back

TRUNK.BACK.BUTTOCKS
anatomic	buttock
anatomic	hip
atlas	buttocks
localization	buttock
localization	l buttock
localization	l iliac crest
localization	mid sacrum
localization	r buttock
localization	r hip
localization	r lateral thorax
location	Buttock
Location	left buttock
quantloc	buttock

TRUNK.ANTERIOR
anatom_site_general	anterior trunk
localization	l anterior thorax
localization	r anterior thorax

TRUNK.ANTERIOR.CHEST
anatomic	breast
anatomic	chest
anatomic	clavicle
anatomic	sternum
atlas	chest
localization	anterior chest
localization	areola
localization	Breast
localization	chest
localization	Chest
localization	l anterior chest
localization	l anterior shoulder
localization	l areola
localization	l breast
localization	l chest
localization	l clavicle
localization	l lateral chest
localization	l subclavicular
localization	l submammary
localization	l supraclavicular
localization	l suprapubic
localization	left breast
localization	left clavicle
localization	medial chest
localization	mid chest
localization	mid sternum
localization	r anterior chest
localization	r anterior shoulder
localization	r breast
localization	r chest
localization	r clavicle
localization	r clavicular
localization	r interscapular
localization	r lateral chest
localization	r low chest
localization	r subclavicular
localization	right breast
localization	sternum
location	Chest
Location	left chest
Location	left inferior sternum
Location	mid chest
Location	right breast
quantloc	chest

TRUNK.ANTERIOR.ABDOMEN
anatomic	abdomen
atlas	abdomen
localization	abdomen
localization	Abdomen
localization	abdomen
localization	l abdomen
localization	l lateral abdomen
localization	l upper abdomen
localization	lower abdomen
localization	mid abdomen
localization	r abdomen
localization	r lateral abdomen
localization	r lower abdomen
localization	r upper abdomen
location	Abdomen
Location	mid abdomen
Location	Rt abdomen
quantloc	abdomen

TRUNK.FLANK
anatom_site_general	lateral trunk
anatomic	flank
localization	flank
localization	l flank
localization	l lateral thorax
localization	lateral chest
localization	lateral thorax
localization	left flank
localization	right flank
Location	right upper flank

GROIN-PUBIS
anatomic	inguinal
anatomic	pubic
atlas	genital area
localization	l groin
localization	left groin
localization	Pubis
localization	r groin
localization	r pubis
localization	right groin
Location	right groin

LIMBS
anatom_site_general	extremities
anatom_site_general	lower extremity
anatom_site_general	upper extremity
location	Lower Extremities
location	Upper Extremities
quantloc	lower ext
quantloc	upper ext

LIMBS.ACRAL
anatomic	sole
atlas	acral
localization	left palm,
localization	left sole
localization	r plantar foot
localization	r sole
localization	right sole
location	Acral
Location	right palm
quantloc	acral

LIMBS.LEGS
anatomic	ankle
anatomic	calf
anatomic	knee
anatomic	leg
anatomic	shin
anatomic	thigh
anatomic	tibia
atlas	lower limbs
localization	knee
localization	l ankle
localization	l anterior thigh
localization	l calf
localization	l knee
localization	l lateral calf
localization	l lateral thigh
localization	l leg
localization	l medial thigh
localization	l posterior calf
localization	l posterior thigh
localization	l thigh
localization	left calf
localization	left lower leg
localization	leg
localization	lower limb
localization	Lower limb
localization	r ankle
localization	r anterior leg
localization	r anterior lower leg
localization	r anterior thigh
localization	r calf
localization	r knee
localization	r leg
localization	r lower leg
localization	r medial leg
localization	r posterior calf
localization	r posterior knee
localization	r posterior lower leg
localization	r posterior thigh
localization	r shin
localization	r thigh
localization	right anckle
localization	right calf
localization	right lower leg
localization	right thigh
localization	Thigh
localization	thigh
Location	left anterior lower leg
Location	left calf
Location	left inner thigh
Location	left leg
Location	left lower leg (calf)
Location	left lower leg
Location	left popliteal superior
Location	left thigh
Location	right anterior thigh
Location	right calf
Location	right lower leg

LIMBS.LEGS.FEET
anatom_site_general	foot
anatomic	foot
anatomic	toe
localization	big toe, left foot
localization	foot dorsum
localization	heel
localization	l big toe
localization	l foot
localization	l heel
localization	r 4th toe
localization	r foot
localization	r little toe
localization	r small toe
Location	right medial foot

LIMBS.ARMS
anatomic	arm
anatomic	axilla
anatomic	elbow
anatomic	forearm
anatomic	wrist
atlas	upper limbs
localization	arm
localization	forearm
localization	l arm
localization	l axilla
localization	l forearm
localization	l lateral arm
localization	l proximal arm
localization	l upper arm
localization	left upper arm
localization	r arm
localization	r axilla
localization	r elbow
localization	r forearm
localization	r upper arm
localization	r wrist
localization	right elbow
localization	right upper arm
localization	Upper limb
Location	L upper arm
Location	left post upper arm
Location	left upper arm
Location	posterior right arm
Location	right forearm

LIMBS.ARMS.HANDS
anatom_site_general	hand
localization	dorsal r hand
localization	l index finger
localization	l wrist
localization	r hand

OTHER
anatomic	fossa
anatomic	lateral
anatomic	line

